SIGNL4 Alerting Added (#807)
DataDog/integrations-extras: signl4/README.md

## Overview

Use the [SIGNL4][1] integration to send Datadog alerts to SIGNL4 teams and seamlessly take actions on these alerts within the SIGNL4 app.

Connect SIGNL4 to Datadog in order to:
- Trigger and resolve incidents from Datadog
- Tackle incidents and set up escalation policies as they occur
- Set up a daily reminder of who is on-call

![SIGNL4 App][2]

## Setup

> ### Follow these steps in SIGNL4:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SIGNL4

Follow these steps in SIGNL4:
```

> 1. If not already done you can create your SIGNL4 account at [signl4.com][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use your existing account or create a SIGNL4 account at [signl4.com][1].
```

> 2. In your SIGNL4 app find your SIGNL4 webhook address including your team secret under Settings -> APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your SIGNL4 app find your SIGNL4 webhook address including your team secret under *Settings -> APIs*.
```

> ### Follow these steps in Datadog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Datadog

Follow these steps in Datadog:
```

> 1. Open the **Integrations** page from the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [Webhooks Integration tile][6].
```

> 2. Use the search bar to search for "webhooks".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Once the **Webhooks** tile appears, hover and click on "Install".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Scrol down and then click **New** to create a new webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **Configuration** tab, scroll down and click **New**.
```

> 5. Under the section **Name** and **URL**, enter a meaningful name and paste the **SIGNL4 Webhook URL** including your team secret. The URL looks like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under **New Webhook**, enter a meaningful `Name` and use the SIGNL4 Webhook `URL` (created above) including your team secret, for example:
```

```
https://connect.signl4.com/webhook/<team-secret>?ExtIDParam=alertId&ExtStatusParam=alertTransition&ResolvedStatus=Recovered

> ```

Reviewer: Indent 4 spaces

Reviewer: The code block needs to be indented 4 spaces so the numbered list won't break on the docs site.

> Replace \<team-secret\> with your SIGNL4 team secret here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `<team-secret>` with your SIGNL4 team secret here.
```
Indent 4 spaces

![SIGNL4 Webhook][3]

> 6. Copy-paste the following JSON in the text box under the **Payload** section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy-paste the following JSON in the `Payload` text box:
```

    ```json
	{
		"title": "$EVENT_TITLE",
		"message": "$TEXT_ONLY_MSG",
		"link": "$LINK",
		"priority": "$ALERT_PRIORITY",
		"host": "$HOSTNAME",
		"alertScope": "$ALERT_SCOPE",
		"alertStatus": "$ALERT_STATUS",
		"alertId": "$ALERT_ID",
		"alertTransition": "$ALERT_TRANSITION",
		"X-S4-SourceSystem": "Datadog",
		"date": "$DATE",
		"org": {
			"id": "$ORG_ID",
			"name": "$ORG_NAME"
		},
		"id": "$ID"
	}
    ```

> 7. Click on **Save** to complete the service integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click on **Save** to complete the service integration.
```

>     You can find additional information about this integration [here][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see [Mobile alerting with tracking & escalation for Datadog][4].
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> SIGNL4 integration does not include any metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SIGNL4 integration does not include any metrics.
```

### Events

> Your SIGNL4 Triggered / Resolved events will appear in your SIGNL4 app and web portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SIGNL4 triggered and resolved events appear in your SIGNL4 app and web portal.
```

### Service Checks

> SIGNL4 integration does not include any service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SIGNL4 integration does not include any service checks.
```

## Troubleshooting
Need help? Contact [SIGNL4 Support][5].

[1]: https://www.signl4.com
[2]: images/signl4-phone.png
[3]: images/datadog-webhook.png
[4]: https://www.signl4.com/blog/portfolio_item/datadog_mobile_alerting/

> [5]: mailto:success@signl4.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5]: mailto:success@signl4.com
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations/webhooks
```

## Overview

Use the [SIGNL4][1] integration to send Datadog alerts to SIGNL4 teams and seamlessly take actions on these alerts within the SIGNL4 app.

Connect SIGNL4 to Datadog in order to:
- Trigger and resolve incidents from Datadog
- Tackle incidents and set up escalation policies as they occur
- Set up a daily reminder of who is on-call

![SIGNL4 App][2]

## Setup

### SIGNL4

Follow these steps in SIGNL4:

1. Use your existing account or create a SIGNL4 account at [signl4.com][1].

2. In your SIGNL4 app find your SIGNL4 webhook address including your team secret under *Settings -> APIs*.

### Datadog

Follow these steps in Datadog:

1. Navigate to the [Webhooks Integration tile][6].

2. On the **Configuration** tab, scroll down and click **New**.

3. Under **New Webhook**, enter a meaningful `Name` and use the SIGNL4 Webhook `URL` (created above) including your team secret, for example:

```
https://connect.signl4.com/webhook/<team-secret>?ExtIDParam=alertId&ExtStatusParam=alertTransition&ResolvedStatus=Recovered
```

Replace `<team-secret>` with your SIGNL4 team secret here.

![SIGNL4 Webhook][3]

> 

Reviewer: Same with the 2 lines above
